feat: add pattern commands plugin (#192)
sapphiredev/plugins: packages/pattern-commands/README.md

<div align="center">

![Sapphire Logo](https://cdn.skyra.pw/gh-assets/sapphire-banner.png)

# @sapphire/plugin-pattern-commands

**Plugin for <a href="https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework">@sapphire/framework</a> so you can have pattern commands.**

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/sapphiredev/plugins)](https://github.com/sapphiredev/plugins/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sapphiredev/plugins/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=QWL8FB16BR)](https://codecov.io/gh/sapphiredev/plugins)
[![npm bundle size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@sapphire/plugin-pattern-commands?logo=webpack&style=flat-square)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@sapphire/plugin-pattern-commands)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@sapphire/plugin-pattern-commands?color=crimson&logo=npm&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/plugin-pattern-commands)

</div>

## Description

With pattern commands you can define rulesets to which the bot may respond.

## Important notes

> -   From April 2022 this plugin will only work with Message Intent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Starting April 2022 this plugin will only work with Message Intent. This is because this plugin relies on scanning messages, which is impossible without the intent.
```
